# MOODLE-COMPETENCIES FRAMEWORK
# Project report
**We tried to make a good answer reliable attainment project that can be useful for our Institute [GNE](https://gndec.ac.in) for NBA.**

*GOAL - *Administrators can then set up competency frameworks and add competencies to them. See Competency frameworks for more information.
They can then create learning plan templates, add competencies to them and assign learning plans to individual selected students or to whole cohorts. See Learning plans for more information.**

**Day-1** I'm very glad to do project with my teachers and my mates.Firstly what I have to do as told by my mentor is to do installation of Moodle.So for that I was instructed to download the [XAMPP](https://www.apachefriends.org/download.html) by which I can setup the php and mysql platform for the moodle app.And after that with help of xampp application I will be able to start moodle application on my PC.I downloaded the latest version of Xampp and setup the phpand mysql but our team took much time to reach to the main part i.e moodle applicetion on our desktop but our moodle.exe was not executed successfully and we were facing an error but when the error was resolved and installation process was completed the happiness was ultimate for team and mentors.After installation the work assigned was to read the database for moodle application from php.And started understanding the database.The database having about 200+ table.The table I started was the course table.By which I able to understand how to add courses to my application. The main motive for our project is to get the attainment of each course outcome and then the attainment of final course, by which we can calculate the course attainment by the individual student.

**DAY-2** We were assigned to a task to create an account as user, teacher and students on moodle application. After successful creation of accounts on moodle I created a course(COMPUTER ARCHITECTURE) as a teacher and assigned an assignment to the students.As the role of a student, I did submit the assignment. Further I was guided to analize and understand the changes occuring at the backend i.e on databases due to our frontend changes i.e where the assignment grades are stored. Earlier, I was facing difficulty in understanding the databses because they were in 3NF, 4NF and BCNF form but later I was able to catch up.  

